How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the
bug that was introduced?

because is time consuming to search a whole document through hundreds of 
lines of code. 
the diff comand shows exactly where the difference are, where the changes 
where made.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?

it's always good to have all the versions of your project. At some point 
you will end up needing a more previous version which if you don't keep 
track of you will have to rewrite it which in the end will be more 
tidious than keeping track of all the versions.
Another good reason is if you keep track of your version you can easily 
spot the exact time and place when you introduced a bug/typo.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?

A con would be that is a judgement call and one may cluter many changes 
in one commit or otherwise.
The pro is that each commit that is made is a compilable file. if it's 
made automatically then we made end up with to many commits that may not 
make any sense, many in progress. 



Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each 
file separately?

it's better to save all together because in one point in time we might 
affect not just one file but more; or one change in one file affected 
another. it is more convenient to do so.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of 
files?
using git log you can see all the commits made and using git diff you can 
see which lines were deleted and which were inserted.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes 
that could break something?

Now that we know that we can go back and forward with our versions we are 
more confident about makeing changes maybe even take some risks, because 
we know that we are always able to go back.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I will use git for keeping track of my version files from my future projects.